hi I'm Sadie's remove to get food and
I'm going to show you how to make a pub
later it's really easy and simple to
make it just requires some egg whites
some sugar and then to make it really
nice and Mallory some corn flour and
some white wine vinegar so first I'm
going to wish my egg whites until they
reach 50 start with skim your egg whites
and floaties
this will create evening air bubbles and
make sure did you get basil part later
I'm going to add my sugar and free
edition we whisking the eggs to stiff
peaks each time
I now have a really lovely glossy
meringue and debate this other is but in
order to get the really gorgeous Mallory
texture of the pavlova I'm going to add
some white wine vinegar and some
cornflour
I'm choosing to flavor my pavlova with
vanilla you can leave it plain or add
some coffee or even a little cocoa
powder if you not just click if you're
intrigued disguise your pavlova you can
draw a pencil as the shape that you want
it to be and turn the paper over however
I prefer the more rustic approach so I'm
just in a dollar to use the bottom of
your metal spoon to make a nice groove
in the center as a pavlova that's ready
for the oven now so I'm going to bake
this really low and slow on the bottom
shelf until it's done you check to see
if your pavlova is done you want to make
sure that it comes away from the paper
easily yep that perfect I'm just going
to leave it to cool now my pavlovas cool
I'm going to decorate it I've got some
nice softly whipped vanilla cream talk
mat on in the center there
and through that I've just got some
mixed berries use whatever fruits in
season and you can always flavor the
cream if you like I'm gone for the
classic combination of Ralph Reed
strawberries and a few red colors and to
finish it off I'm just going to do a
nice dusting of icing sugar yum I can't
wait to eat it and that is a pavlova
from BBC good food
[Music]